lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:205:          title: 'Account Settings',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:219:              title: 'Delivery History',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:253:          title: 'Support',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:273:            title: 'Developer Options',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:602:              title: 'Email Support',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:603:              subtitle: 'info@crowdwave.eu',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:642:              title: 'WhatsApp',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:643:              subtitle: 'Chat with our support team',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:656:              title: 'Help Center',
lib/presentation/account/account_screen.dart:657:              subtitle: 'FAQs and guides',
lib/presentation/booking/booking_confirmation_screen.dart:340:            title: 'Confirmation',
lib/presentation/booking/booking_confirmation_screen.dart:357:            title: 'Payment',
lib/presentation/booking/booking_confirmation_screen.dart:374:            title: 'Complete',
lib/presentation/booking/booking_success_screen.dart:154:            content: const Text('Booking details shared successfully!'),
lib/presentation/booking/booking_success_screen.dart:169:            content: const Text('Failed to share booking details'),
lib/presentation/booking/booking_success_screen.dart:189:          content: const Text('Booking ID copied to clipboard'),
lib/presentation/booking/make_offer_screen.dart:133:                            hintText: 'Enter your offer price',
lib/presentation/booking/payment_failure_screen.dart:187:        title: const Text('Payment Failed'),
lib/presentation/booking/payment_failure_screen.dart:495:            label: const Text('Retry Payment'),
lib/presentation/booking/payment_failure_screen.dart:516:                label: const Text('Different Method'),
lib/presentation/booking/payment_failure_screen.dart:532:                label: const Text('Get Help'),
lib/presentation/booking/payment_failure_screen.dart:552:          label: const Text('Cancel & Go Home'),
lib/presentation/booking/payment_method_screen.dart:52:            content: Text('Failed to initialize payment service: $e'),
lib/presentation/booking/payment_method_screen.dart:69:        title: const Text('Payment Method'),
lib/presentation/booking/payment_method_screen.dart:366:            content: Text('Error: $e'),
lib/presentation/call/incoming_call_screen.dart:171:          SnackBar(content: Text('Failed to accept call: $e')),
lib/presentation/call/test_fcm_notification_screen.dart:92:        title: const Text('Test FCM Notifications'),
lib/presentation/call/test_fcm_notification_screen.dart:189:                    Text('1. Tap "Test FCM Notification"'),
lib/presentation/call/test_fcm_notification_screen.dart:190:                    Text('2. You should receive a push notification'),
lib/presentation/call/test_fcm_notification_screen.dart:193:                    Text('4. If it works, real calls will work too!'),
lib/presentation/call/voice_call_test_screen.dart:14:        title: const Text('Voice Call Test'),
lib/presentation/call/voice_call_test_screen.dart:149:                    Text('• Voice call UI layout'),
lib/presentation/call/voice_call_test_screen.dart:150:                    Text('• Mute/unmute controls'),
lib/presentation/call/voice_call_test_screen.dart:151:                    Text('• Speaker toggle'),
lib/presentation/call/voice_call_test_screen.dart:152:                    Text('• Call duration timer'),
lib/presentation/call/voice_call_test_screen.dart:153:                    Text('• End call functionality'),
lib/presentation/call/voice_call_test_screen.dart:154:                    Text('• Connection animations'),
lib/presentation/chat/chat_screen.dart:229:                hintText: 'Search conversations...',
lib/presentation/chat/chat_screen.dart:374:            child: const Text('Retry'),
lib/presentation/chat/chat_screen.dart:467:            child: const Text('Refresh'),
lib/presentation/chat/chat_screen.dart:666:        label: 'Loading chats',
lib/presentation/chat/individual_chat_screen.dart:502:                          hintText: 'Type a message...',
lib/presentation/chat/individual_chat_screen.dart:911:                  label: 'Camera',
lib/presentation/chat/individual_chat_screen.dart:917:                  label: 'Gallery',
lib/presentation/chat/individual_chat_screen.dart:923:                  label: 'Location',
lib/presentation/chat/individual_chat_screen.dart:1041:          content: Text('Voice call failed: $e'),
lib/presentation/chat/individual_chat_screen.dart:1067:          content: Text('Video call failed: $e'),
lib/presentation/enhanced_ui_showcase_screen.dart:190:            subtitle: Text('Step-by-step form with smooth animations'),
lib/presentation/forum/community_forum_screen.dart:108:                  hintText: 'Search posts...',
lib/presentation/forum/community_forum_screen.dart:468:                    label: '${post.likesCount}',
lib/presentation/forum/community_forum_screen.dart:477:                    label: '${post.commentsCount}',
lib/presentation/forum/community_forum_screen.dart:492:                    label: 'Share',
lib/presentation/forum/create_post_screen.dart:57:            content: Text('You can only upload up to 5 images'),
lib/presentation/forum/create_post_screen.dart:102:          content: Text('Please write something to post'),
lib/presentation/forum/create_post_screen.dart:130:            content: Text('Post created successfully!'),
lib/presentation/forum/create_post_screen.dart:140:            content: Text('Error creating post: $e'),
lib/presentation/forum/create_post_screen.dart:301:                    label: const Text('Add'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:69:            content: Text('Comment added'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:79:            content: Text('Error: $e'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:97:        title: const Text('Delete Post'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:98:        content: const Text('Are you sure you want to delete this post?'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:102:            child: const Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:113:                      content: Text('Post deleted'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:122:                      content: Text('Error deleting post: $e'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:143:        title: const Text('Delete Comment'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:144:        content: const Text('Are you sure you want to delete this comment?'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:148:            child: const Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:158:                      content: Text('Comment deleted'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:167:                      content: Text('Error: $e'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:440:                          Text('Delete Post'),
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:502:                label: '${post.likesCount}',
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:511:                label: '${post.commentsCount}',
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:520:                label: 'Share',
lib/presentation/forum/post_detail_screen.dart:663:                hintText: 'Write a comment...',
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:544:                      hintText: 'Search packages...',
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:711:                      content: Text('Checking verification status...'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2087:                  Text('Checking verification status...'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2647:            content: Text('Please log in to start chatting.'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2661:            content: Text('You cannot chat with yourself.'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2701:            content: Text('Failed to start conversation. Please try again.'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2713:          content: Text('An error occurred. Please try again.'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2728:          content: Text('Please log in to make an offer.'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2741:          content: Text('You cannot make an offer on your own package.'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2763:          content: Text('Offer sent successfully!'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:2990:              const Text('Notifications'),
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:3061:              title: 'Email Support',
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:3062:              subtitle: 'info@crowdwave.eu',
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:3100:              title: 'WhatsApp',
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:3101:              subtitle: 'Chat with our support team',
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:3114:              title: 'Help Center',
lib/presentation/home/updated_home_screen.dart:3115:              subtitle: 'FAQs and guides',
lib/presentation/main_navigation/main_navigation_screen.dart:871:                      content: Text('Error logging out: $errorMessage'),
lib/presentation/onboarding_flow/widgets/role_selection_widget.dart:52:                  title: 'I want to send packages',
lib/presentation/onboarding_flow/widgets/role_selection_widget.dart:64:                  title: 'I want to deliver packages',
lib/presentation/package_detail/package_detail_screen.dart:328:            label: 'Pickup',
lib/presentation/package_detail/package_detail_screen.dart:345:            label: 'Destination',
lib/presentation/package_detail/package_detail_screen.dart:1120:            content: Text('Please log in to start chatting.'),
lib/presentation/package_detail/package_detail_screen.dart:1162:            content: Text('Failed to start chat. Please try again.'),
lib/presentation/package_detail/package_detail_screen.dart:1173:          content: Text('Failed to start chat. Please try again.'),
lib/presentation/post_package/enhanced_post_package_screen.dart:336:                        label: 'Package Title',
lib/presentation/post_package/enhanced_post_package_screen.dart:343:                        label: 'Description',
lib/presentation/post_package/enhanced_post_package_screen.dart:405:                  label: 'Pickup Location',
lib/presentation/post_package/enhanced_post_package_screen.dart:412:                  label: 'Delivery Location',
lib/presentation/post_package/enhanced_post_package_screen.dart:473:                        label: 'Weight (kg)',
lib/presentation/post_package/enhanced_post_package_screen.dart:483:                        label: 'Price (\$)',
lib/presentation/post_package/enhanced_post_package_screen.dart:929:              '$label:',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/compensation_widget.dart:499:              Text('€500',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/compensation_widget.dart:644:                          hintText: 'Enter value',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:369:                  title: 'Search for location',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:370:                  subtitle: 'Enter an address or place name',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:378:                    title: 'Use current location',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:388:                  title: 'Select on map',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:389:                  subtitle: 'Choose location by tapping on map',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:589:          SnackBar(content: Text('Failed to get current location: $e')),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:1006:            content: Text('Location permission denied'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:1025:          content: Text('Failed to get current location: $e'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:1152:              content: Text('Network error: ${response.statusCode}'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:1163:            content: Text('Error: $e'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:1227:        SnackBar(content: Text('Error selecting location: $e')),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/location_picker_widget.dart:1269:                hintText: 'Enter address or place name',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:636:                    hintText: 'Optional',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:668:            title: 'Fragile',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:669:            subtitle: 'Handle with extra care',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:677:            title: 'Perishable',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:678:            subtitle: 'Time-sensitive item',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:686:            title: 'Requires Refrigeration',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:687:            subtitle: 'Keep cold during transport',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:764:          hintText: 'e.g., Apple, Nike, Amazon, Local Store...',
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:821:              title: Text('Take Photo'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:822:              subtitle: Text('Use camera to capture package'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:843:              title: Text('Choose from Gallery'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:844:              subtitle: Text('Select existing photo'),
lib/presentation/post_package/widgets/package_details_widget.dart:874:        SnackBar(content: Text('Failed to pick image: $e')),
lib/presentation/post_trip/post_trip_screen.dart:195:            title: 'Departure Location',
lib/presentation/post_trip/post_trip_screen.dart:196:            subtitle: 'Where are you starting your journey?',
lib/presentation/post_trip/post_trip_screen.dart:207:            title: 'Destination Location',
lib/presentation/post_trip/post_trip_screen.dart:208:            subtitle: 'Where are you going?',
lib/presentation/post_trip/post_trip_screen.dart:533:            content: Text('Trip posted successfully!'),
lib/presentation/post_trip/widgets/trip_capacity_widget.dart:90:                    hintText: 'e.g., 25',
lib/presentation/post_trip/widgets/trip_capacity_widget.dart:109:                    hintText: 'e.g., 50',
lib/presentation/post_trip/widgets/trip_capacity_widget.dart:132:              hintText: 'e.g., 5',
lib/presentation/post_trip/widgets/trip_compensation_widget.dart:87:            label: '€${suggestedReward.toStringAsFixed(0)}',
lib/presentation/post_trip/widgets/trip_details_widget.dart:48:          title: 'Departure Date',
lib/presentation/post_trip/widgets/trip_details_widget.dart:58:          title: 'Arrival Date (Optional)',
lib/presentation/post_trip/widgets/trip_details_widget.dart:109:                    hintText: 'e.g., 15',
lib/presentation/presence_status_demo.dart:27:        title: const Text('Presence Status Demo'),
lib/presentation/presence_status_demo.dart:114:                            child: const Text('Go Online'),
lib/presentation/presence_status_demo.dart:128:                            child: const Text('Go Offline'),
lib/presentation/presence_status_demo.dart:177:                label: const Text('Refresh Status'),
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:855:                                            Text('Failed to get location: $e'),
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:909:                          hintText: 'Enter your street address',
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1129:                  label: 'Camera',
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1137:                  label: 'Gallery',
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1145:                  label: 'Remove',
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1322:            label: 'Retry',
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1339:          title: const Text('Remove Profile Photo'),
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1341:              const Text('Are you sure you want to remove your profile photo?'),
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1385:                      content: Text('Profile photo removed successfully!'),
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1401:                      content: Text('Failed to remove photo: $e'),
lib/presentation/profile/profile_options_screen.dart:1419:          content: Text('Error: $e'),
lib/presentation/reviews/create_review_screen.dart:136:            content: Text('Review submitted successfully!'),
lib/presentation/reviews/create_review_screen.dart:253:                hintText: 'Tell others about your experience...',
lib/presentation/reviews/create_review_screen.dart:365:                  label: const Text('Add Photos'),
lib/presentation/reviews/create_review_screen.dart:378:                      label: const Text('Camera'),
lib/presentation/reviews/create_review_screen.dart:386:                      label: const Text('Gallery'),
lib/presentation/reviews/create_review_screen.dart:511:        title: const Text('Write Review'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:204:                label: const Text('View All'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:327:            child: const Text('Retry'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:360:            child: const Text('Write Review'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:371:        title: Text('Reviews - ${widget.targetName}'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:588:                      child: Text('Report'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:642:                  label: Text('Helpful (${widget.review.helpfulCount})'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:656:                    label: Text('Comments (${widget.review.comments.length})'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:677:            content: Text('Please sign in to mark reviews as helpful'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:715:            content: Text('Failed to update helpful status: $e'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:727:        title: const Text('Report Review'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:733:            child: const Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:756:            content: Text('Please sign in to report reviews'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:773:            content: Text('Review reported successfully'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:782:            content: Text('Failed to report review: $e'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:887:                child: const Text('Clear'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:910:                    Text('$star'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:945:            title: const Text('Verified bookings only'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:961:            title: const Text('With photos'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:977:            title: const Text('With comments'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:1008:                  value: ReviewSortBy.newest, child: Text('Newest first')),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:1010:                  value: ReviewSortBy.oldest, child: Text('Oldest first')),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:1013:                  child: Text('Highest rated')),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:1015:                  value: ReviewSortBy.lowestRated, child: Text('Lowest rated')),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:1017:                  value: ReviewSortBy.mostHelpful, child: Text('Most helpful')),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_list_screen.dart:1044:              child: const Text('Apply Filters'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:37:        content: 'Thank you for the positive feedback!',
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:75:        title: const Text('Review System Demo'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:191:            Text('Current Rating: ${_demoRating.toStringAsFixed(1)} stars'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:304:                  label: Text('Helpful (${_sampleReview.helpfulCount})'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:314:                  label: Text('Comments (${_sampleReview.comments.length})'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:415:          content: 'This is a great service! Highly recommend.',
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:420:          content: 'SPAM SPAM VISIT WWW.FAKE.COM NOW!!!',
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:456:                    label: const Text('Create Review'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:474:                    label: const Text('View Reviews'),
lib/presentation/reviews/review_system_demo_screen.dart:494:                label: const Text('Test Report Dialog'),
lib/presentation/screens/auth/email_verification_screen.dart:315:                          hintText: '------',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/email_verification_screen_old.dart:269:                    title: 'Check your inbox',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/email_verification_screen_old.dart:276:                    title: 'Click the link',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/email_verification_screen_old.dart:283:                    title: 'You\'re all set!',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/login_view.dart:198:                    hintText: 'Username or Gmail',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/login_view.dart:223:                //     hintText: 'gmail',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/login_view.dart:260:                      hintText: 'Password',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/login_view.dart:417:                    hintText: 'Username or Email',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/login_view.dart:454:                      hintText: 'Password',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/login_view.dart:607:        child: const Text('Login'),
lib/presentation/screens/auth/password_reset_with_code_view.dart:247:        hintText: 'Enter your email',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/password_reset_with_code_view.dart:282:        hintText: '000000',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/password_reset_with_code_view.dart:313:        hintText: 'Enter new password',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/password_reset_with_code_view.dart:354:        hintText: 'Confirm new password',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/signUp_view.dart:204:                    hintText: 'Username',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/signUp_view.dart:248:                    hintText: 'Email',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/signUp_view.dart:291:                      hintText: 'Password',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/signUp_view.dart:411:                    hintText: 'Username',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/signUp_view.dart:453:                    hintText: 'Email',
lib/presentation/screens/auth/signUp_view.dart:482:                      hintText: 'Password',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:396:                title: 'Personal Information',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:401:                    label: 'Full Name',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:412:                    label: 'Gender',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:424:                    label: 'Date of Birth',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:440:                title: 'Contact Information',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:447:                    label: 'Email Address',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:468:                title: 'Address Information',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:473:                    label: 'Street Address',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:488:                          label: 'City',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:502:                          label: 'ZIP',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:516:                    label: 'Country',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:533:                title: 'Document Verification',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:569:                    label: 'Document Type',
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:1119:          title: Text('Upload $documentType'),
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:1125:                title: const Text('Take Photo'),
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:1351:              Text('KYC Submitted'),
lib/presentation/screens/kyc/kyc_completion_screen.dart:1384:              child: const Text('OK'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:26:        title: Text('Smart Matching'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:354:                      child: Text('Accept'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:366:                      child: Text('Reject'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:479:              child: Text('Contact Traveler'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:535:        label: Text('${factors['averageDistance'].toStringAsFixed(1)}km'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:543:        label: Text('⭐ ${factors['travelerRating'].toStringAsFixed(1)}'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:691:        title: Text('Accept Match'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:697:            child: Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:704:            child: Text('Accept'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:711:            child: Text('Negotiate Price'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:725:        title: Text('Reject Match'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:729:            Text('Why are you rejecting this match?'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:744:            child: Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:756:            child: Text('Reject'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:770:        title: Text('Negotiate Price'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:774:            Text('Enter your preferred price for this delivery:'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:790:            child: Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:802:            child: Text('Accept with Price'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:814:        title: Text('Find Nearby'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:820:              title: Text('Nearby Packages'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:828:              title: Text('Nearby Trips'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:874:      title: Text('Filter Matches'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:929:              title: Text('Verified Travelers Only'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:934:              title: Text('Urgent Packages Only'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:944:          child: Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:951:          child: Text('Reset'),
lib/presentation/screens/matching/matching_screen.dart:958:          child: Text('Apply'),
lib/presentation/settings/notification_settings_screen.dart:100:                        label: '${_notificationRadius.toInt()} km',
lib/presentation/settings/notification_settings_screen.dart:159:            title: 'Manual Actions',
lib/presentation/settings/notification_settings_screen.dart:160:            subtitle: 'Check for opportunities manually',
lib/presentation/tracking/delivery_feedback_screen.dart:128:        title: const Text('Rate Your Experience'),
lib/presentation/tracking/delivery_feedback_screen.dart:284:                  hintText: 'Share your experience with the traveler...',
lib/presentation/tracking/package_tracking_screen.dart:294:        title: const Text('Package Tracking'),
lib/presentation/tracking/package_tracking_screen.dart:554:              label: const Text('Go Back'),
lib/presentation/tracking/package_tracking_screen.dart:800:                  label: const Text('Update Status'),
lib/presentation/tracking/package_tracking_screen.dart:813:                  label: const Text('Add Checkpoint'),
lib/presentation/tracking/package_tracking_screen.dart:859:                  label: const Text('Contact Support'),
lib/presentation/tracking/package_tracking_screen.dart:871:                  label: const Text('Report Issue'),
lib/presentation/tracking/package_tracking_screen.dart:904:          label: const Text('View Full Package Details'),
lib/presentation/tracking/sender_confirmation_screen.dart:80:        title: const Text('Delivery Confirmation'),
lib/presentation/tracking/sender_confirmation_screen.dart:148:                    label: 'Date',
lib/presentation/tracking/sender_confirmation_screen.dart:154:                    label: 'Time',
lib/presentation/tracking/sender_confirmation_screen.dart:160:                    label: 'Location',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_history_screen.dart:117:        title: const Text('Delivery History'),
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_history_screen.dart:304:              label: const Text('Start Delivering'),
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_location_widget_simple.dart:78:        title: '� Pickup Location',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_location_widget_simple.dart:89:        title: '� Destination',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_location_widget_simple.dart:100:        title: '🚚 Package Location',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_location_widget_simple.dart:204:            title: const Text('Package Location'),
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_card.dart:122:            label: 'Tracking ID',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_card.dart:129:              label: 'Picked up',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_card.dart:136:              label: 'Delivered',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_card.dart:143:              label: 'Current Location',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_update_screen.dart:94:        title: const Text('Update Status'),
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_update_screen.dart:368:                    label: const Text('Change Photo'),
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_update_screen.dart:379:                    label: const Text('Remove'),
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_status_update_screen.dart:528:              hintText: 'Add any additional information about this update...',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:75:        title: 'Package Confirmed',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:76:        subtitle: 'Ready for pickup',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:83:        title: 'Picked Up',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:84:        subtitle: 'Package collected by traveler',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:91:        title: 'In Transit',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:92:        subtitle: 'Package is on the way',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:99:        title: 'Delivered',
lib/presentation/tracking/tracking_timeline_widget.dart:100:        subtitle: 'Package successfully delivered',
lib/presentation/travel/travel_screen.dart:223:                              hintText: 'Search trips...',
lib/presentation/travel/travel_screen.dart:897:                        title: 'Minimum Match Percentage',
lib/presentation/travel/travel_screen.dart:1168:                  Text('Checking verification status...'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:349:            label: 'Departure',
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:367:            label: 'Arrival',
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:545:                  label: 'Weight',
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:554:                  label: 'Packages',
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1045:  //             label: Text('View All Reviews'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1202:          content: Text('Match request sent to ${widget.trip.travelerName}!'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1207:            label: 'Chat Now',
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1232:                    Text('Request Sent!'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1242:                    child: Text('Later'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1250:                    label: Text('Start Chat'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1269:          content: Text('Failed to send request. Please try again.'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1312:            content: Text('Failed to start chat. Please try again.'),
lib/presentation/trip_detail/trip_detail_screen.dart:1323:          content: Text('Failed to start chat: ${e.toString()}'),
lib/presentation/wallet/transaction_history_screen.dart:31:          title: const Text('Transaction History'),
lib/presentation/wallet/transaction_history_screen.dart:34:          child: Text('Please login to view transaction history'),
lib/presentation/wallet/transaction_history_screen.dart:78:                      label: const Text('All'),
lib/presentation/wallet/transaction_history_screen.dart:139:                          Text('Error: ${snapshot.error}'),
lib/presentation/wallet/transaction_history_screen.dart:143:                            child: const Text('Retry'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:27:          title: const Text('Wallet'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:33:          child: Text('Please login to view your wallet'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:66:                  Text('Error: ${walletSnapshot.error}'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:70:                    child: const Text('Retry'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:87:                  const Text('Wallet not found'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:96:                          SnackBar(content: Text('Error creating wallet: $e')),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:100:                    child: const Text('Create Wallet'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:170:                                  title: const Text('Pending Balance'),
lib/presentation/wallet/wallet_screen.dart:176:                                      child: const Text('Got it'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:83:        title: const Text('Confirm Withdrawal'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:91:            child: const Text('Cancel'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:98:            child: const Text('Confirm'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:151:        title: const Text('Error'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:156:            child: const Text('OK'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:168:          title: const Text('Withdraw Money'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:171:          child: Text('Please login to withdraw money'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:179:          title: const Text('Withdraw Money'),
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:273:                    hintText: 'Enter amount',
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:341:                    hintText: 'Enter account holder name',
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:375:                    hintText: 'Enter bank name',
lib/presentation/wallet/withdrawal_screen.dart:413:                    hintText: 'Enter account number',
